[Doc]Add recommendation for Java 11.0.5 or later (#12024)
elastic/logstash: docs/static/jvm.asciidoc

Oracle distribution] or an open-source distribution, such as
http://openjdk.java.net/[OpenJDK].

[float]
[[java-11-issue]]

> ===== Issue with TLS v1.3 and some versions of Java 11

Reviewer: Perhaps we can just say "Known issue with TLS..." here so its more apparent.

install the correct startup method (SysV init scripts, Upstart, or systemd). If
{ls} is unable to find the `JAVA_HOME` environment variable during package
installation, you may get an error message, and {ls} will not start properly.

[float]
[[java-11-issue]]
==== Potential compatibility issue between TLS v1.3 and some Java 11 versions

> Bugs in some JDK versions can prevent {ls} from successfully conducting a TLS
> v1.3 handshake. This issue affects {ls} instances using both:
> 
> * JDK 11.0.0 - 11.0.4, and
> * TLS v1.3 in plugins (such as Elasticsearch output, Beats input, TCP input) and/or
> central management/monitoring. Note that some plugins use TLS v1.3 by default.
> 
> If you encounter this issue, we recommend upgrading to JDK 11.0.5 or later. 
> If you cannot upgrade your JDK, try using and enforcing TLS v1.2.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Bugs in some JDK versions can prevent {ls} from successfully conducting a TLS
v1.3 handshake, which is the default negotiated version if the peer supports it.
This issue affects {ls} instances using JDK 11.0.0 - 11.0.4 and is triggered from plugins (such as Elasticsearch output, Beats input, TCP input) and/orcentral management/monitoring.

If you encounter this issue, we recommend upgrading to JDK 11.0.5 or later.
```
